Good morning, family! I'm excited to be with you all again today.
I have a word, and I was praying about what I should talk about today. Asking the Father, I said, 'Which way do you want me to go?
Which direction?'I can go a whole bunch of different directions, but in this case, I feel the Lord is wanting this for somebody; it's important for someone.
Being an intercessor and a prayer person, I pray a lot. I pray, and the Lord will reveal and download things to me all the time.
People say, 'How do I get there?'It's day-to-day. You do it like anything else—you're going to keep going at it.
You pray, you fast, you read your Bible, and you seek His face.
Whenever you seek Him, the Bible says you'll find Him. If you knock, the door will be opened.
I'm telling you, He's respecter of persons, and what He'll do for one, He'll do for another.
I had been dealing with a lot of satanic attacks from this YouTube channel. He's trying to stop it; he doesn't want me doing this.
With all kinds of stuff from the occult, you can just feel it in the atmosphere.
When you get sensitive to things and start maturing with the Lord, you're able to identify atmospheres, what's going on in the spirit realm for that day, and what's coming against you.
I try not to reveal too much because they're a bunch of chickens and losers; we don't give the devil any credit, but there are things we need to talk about so that people know how to combat it.
The church doesn't talk about it because they're a bunch of sugar-coated Frosted Flakes.
They give you just enough to keep you alive, but it's not making you strong or able to eat the meat and know how to fight the devil off and be victorious in your Christian life.
They give you the bread of affliction, just enough to crawl spiritually.
Pastors, shame on you for not teaching people how to live by faith, how to stand on the Word, and how to win victoriously.
I had been dealing with that occultic stuff and was praying and seeking Him, pushing back stuff.
I was asking questions about what was going on, and I wasn't expecting this at all.
All of a sudden, I was in my garage and an angel came before me.
I was interceding for a certain minister because the Lord had put me on an assignment. This angel comes to me in a vision.
I'm not saying I'm able to touch this angel like physically flesh, but I'm able to see it in the spirit realm.
It was dressed similarly to how Gabriel is dressed—very much like a messenger.
Warrior angels are really muscular and have armor on, but these angels have robes and gowns and are always really tall.
They're tall and slender, not bulky. They look like beanpole people—really skinny and tall.
This angel came to me like that. They don't have a gender; I'm trying my best to describe it.
The hair is always curlier, and they have a band around their head like olive branches. He said to me, 'I've come with a message for you.
The Lord has told me that Deuteronomy 28:10 was going to become real to you.'He said it was going to become Rhema to you.
In these last days, that verse is going to come alive inside of you, and you are going to have an umbrella of protection—a hedge over you. He told me to cheer up and not be afraid.
He said, 'The Lord has instructed me to tell you Deuteronomy is going to come alive inside of you.'He said a supernatural covering is over you, your children, and your wife.
He told me to tell that other minister you're interceding for that the scripture in Deuteronomy is going to come alive on them for the occult and the persecution they're receiving.
There's a supernatural push that's coming alive, like God was breathing on that verse even more concerning you.
It's going to be a hedge around you. I just started worshiping the Lord. I needed that word.
When the storm's going on around you, you don't whine or be mealy-mouthed because out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
If you think like a victim, the devil comes to try to kill, steal, and destroy.
He is like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour. He's coming to try to put out that flame because he doesn't like fire.
Every time I go through something, the Lord says, 'Remember your training, soldier.
Remember to stand upright. Don't let the enemy knock you down.
You've got to get that Word down inside of you.'You can pray all you want, but it is the Word that defeats the devil.
James says to submit yourself therefore unto God, resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
But you've got to submit. You've got to get that Word down inside of your spirit; that is your sword. It comes out of your mouth and is able to cut the devil up.
Praying is communication with the Father and maneuvering the angels, but there are times when you're dealing with the demonic where you must be binding, loosing, and pleading the blood.
The Word of the Lord is what gives you power in the spiritual realm.
When Jesus was baptized in the River Jordan, the Holy Spirit ascended on Him like a dove, and a voice out of heaven spoke: 'This is my Son, in whom I am well pleased.'I'm sure Lucifer heard it.
Then the devil comes when Jesus is being tempted for forty days and tries to talk to Him: 'If you are the Son of God...'He started questioning it.
He's a flesh devil; he doesn't think right. He has Alzheimer's or something.
Jesus didn't combat him with natural things; He combated him with the Word.
He said, 'It is written, Satan, tempt not the Lord thy God.'Every time He spoke back to the devil, He quoted scripture.
He told the devil, 'Get thee behind me, Satan.'That's what you have to do.
Every time I deal with manifestations of critters trying to come against me, I've noticed that worship ticks them off.
You can make them shut up when you start worshiping. I start praising the Lord, and they get out of here.
I start quoting scripture, and the devil will flee from you in terror.
The Lord has done everything He's going to do about the devil for you.
Ephesians says we're seated with Him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers.
We take dominion and authority. You use Deuteronomy; that verse is for every believer.
The devil recognizes authority just like a policeman standing at a traffic sign holding up his badge.
By himself, he's just another average Joe, but he has the city and state backing him.
He has that badge, and you obey because you recognize the authority.
The devil recognizes if you know your authority in Christ and have that badge of the Holy Ghost.
The blood of Jesus is your badge. You say, 'The blood of Jesus is against you, devil. You can't touch my house or my children.
I command you to let my finances go right now!'I am a joint-heir with Jesus Christ, and I tell you, 'Thus far and no further!'I hold the blood—that's my badge—and I hold the blood of Jesus over this.
If you start doing that, the devil's going to flee from you. He'll come back and test if you still have a revelation of it, but if you hit him with that Holy Ghost sword, he'll go mess with somebody else who doesn't know the Word.
Get the Word down inside of your spirit, and it will change your life.
It is life to those that find it and health to all their flesh.
2024 is going to be a year we go higher in the spirit realm, higher financially, and higher in your job.
Today is your day of victory. Father, I thank you for every single believer here.
I call for supernatural breakthrough for their finances and for marriages to be restored and full of freshness.
Perfect love casts out all fear, but love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
I thank you for the love that flows through these marriages.
Today could be a brand-new start for you and your spouse. I pray blessings and increase over you in Jesus'name.
Through these holiday struggles, I thank you, Father, that you give them peace and joy because Jesus is the reason for the season.
He was born in a manger just for you because He loves you. I bless you all in Jesus'name.
Please click that notification button, like my videos, and leave some kind comments.
It helps us get the Gospel out throughout the world. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you. We will see you next time. Have a blessed day y'all! Bye-bye.